What did you find to do at night then?
Well, well we did, shouldn't have do much as I said, we would go to Bandaropan and watch them, but anyhow
We'd go out some nights, me and my sister, we were supposed to be always go out, we'd meet one another,
we'd go out when we were kids, go out, right.
There used to be the swimming-mouths up there years ago and they had
dancing up there first.
And me and my sister we still love, and of course it's on our way home, like, you know, we still love,
oh, we wish we could go in, you know, we used to sit on the steps and watch because we knew we'd dare not go in, you see.
And oh, we'd say, wouldn't we like to go in? And my father used to say, yes,
let me catch you in there.
I'll come, I'll strap you in front of all of them.
I was too scared.
But we'd sit on the steps, I'd pass the door open the door, and we'd have a peep to see these youngsters
dancing in there.